The internet works like a bunch of crack addicts all throwing information out at each other so they can all make it to the McDonalds at 3am. Without each other working together the information would never work. They need to send and receive this information in a manner they can understand. Computers do all of this for us, but for internet and not McChickens. It's a big ol' conglomeration of connections, many computers working together. Sending information to each other's IP address with thousands of little packets of data. Our little human brains are all squisy and can't really tell what the hell it all means. Worry not! The solid, emotionless, ones and zeros of a computer that might be the end of us all someday can take the information they share and decypher it then spit it out in ways our soft minds can understand! Yay! Thank you, Computers. Doing something us humans can't seem to do for very long, working together. 

Ding ding! Oh? What is this email? My long lost nigerian cousin has passed away and is leaving millions in my name?! This is amazing! All I need to do is click this super legit looking link and type in my information! Wowzers! Let me quickly save the text file "Passwords.txt" on my computer so I don't forget any of my passwords or credit card numbers. What's that sentient computer security voice that sounds distinctly similar to comedian and host of Discovery Channel's popular TV game show Cash Cab? You spoke with Mr. Operating System? Mr. OS told you that he and Chrome found hidden information in the URL telling you the website seems kinda scuffed? Well, what gives you that idea? You got the website name, used the DNS and got the IP address? So? Chrome got a TCP so it could speak with the HTTPS, but there was no S!? Wow, I am glad you remembered my irrational fear of long strings of text without the letter S coming after a P at any point in time. Sure did save me on that one. (and then it loads the code of like css and html so they see stuff, then java so the buttons do stuff)